---
source: https://www.learnifier.com/privacy-policy
language: en
---

Learnifier (or the “Company”) is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals who visit the Company’s Web sites and individuals who register to use the Services as defined below.

This Privacy Statement covers the information practices of Web sites that link to this Privacy Statement, including https://learnifier.com and the related applications and services offered by Learnifier (the “Service” or “Services”) (collectively referred to as “Learnifier’s Web sites” or “the Company’s Web sites”).

Learnifier’s Web sites and Learnifier Services may contain links to other Web sites. The information practices or the content of such other Web sites are governed by the privacy statements of such other Web sites. The Company encourages you to review the privacy statements of other Web sites to understand their information practices.

Learnifier collects individually-identifiable information (“Personal Information”) from individuals who visit Learnifier’s Web site (“Web Site Visitors”) and individuals who register to use the Learnifier Services (“Customers”). When expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about the Services or registering to use the Services, Learnifier requires you to provide the Company with personal contact information, such as name, company name, address, phone number, and email address (“Required Contact Information”). When purchasing the Services, Learnifier may require you to provide the Company with financial qualification and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number, and the number of employees within the organization that will be using the Services (“Billing Information”). Learnifier may also ask you to provide additional information, such as company annual revenues, number of employees, or industry (“Optional Information”). Required Contact Information, Billing Information, and Optional Information about Customers are referred to collectively as “Data About Learnifier Customers”.

As you navigate the Company’s Web sites, Learnifier may also collect information through the use of commonly-used information-gathering tools, such as cookies and Web beacons (“Web Site Navigational Information”). Web Site Navigational Information includes standard information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language), your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, and the actions you take on the Company’s Web sites (such as the Web pages viewed and the links clicked). For additional information about the collection of Web Site Navigational Information by Learnifier and others, please click here.

3.1. Use by Learnifier

We use the Service to collect information for our own purposes and that information is used, disclosed and protected according to this Privacy Policy.

3.2. Use by Our Customers

Our Customers use the Service to build, market, and sell courses and content that people can visit as part of using the Service. Learnifier does not control our Customers’ usage or the types of information that our Customers may choose to collect or manage on the Service. That information belongs to them and is used, disclosed and protected by them according to their privacy policies and is not subject to this Privacy Statement. Learnifier processes our Customers’ information as they direct and in accordance with our agreements with our Customers, and we store it on our service providers’ servers, but we do not have control over its collection or management. Our agreements with our Customers prohibit us from using that information, except as necessary to provide and improve the Service, as permitted by this Privacy Statement, and as required by law. We have no direct relationship with individuals who provide Personal Information to our customers. Our Customers control and are responsible for correcting, deleting or updating information they have collected from you on the Service. We may work with our Customers to help them provide notice to their visitors about their data collection, processing and usage. Our agreements with our Customers prohibit them from using the Service to collect, manage, or process Sensitive Information. We are not responsible for our customers’ use of information they collect on the Service.

The Company uses Data About Learnifier Customers to perform the services requested. For example, if you fill out a “Contact Me” Web form, the Company will use the information provided to contact you about your interest in the Services.The Company may also use Data About Learnifier Customers for marketing purposes. For example, the Company may use information you provide to contact you to further discuss your interest in the Services and to send you information regarding the Company, its affiliates, and its partners, such as information about promotions or events. Please view the Communications Preferences section of this Privacy Statement to control how your respective Data About Learnifier Customers is used for marketing purposes.Learnifier uses Billing Information solely to check the financial qualifications and collect payment for the Learnifier Services.Learnifier uses Web Site Navigational Information to operate and improve the Company’s Web sites. The Company may also use Web Site Navigational Information alone or in combination with Data About Learnifier Customers to provide personalized information about the Company. For additional information about the use of Web Site Navigational Information, please click here.

Learnifier uses commonly-used information-gathering tools, such as cookies and Web beacons, to collect information as you navigate the Company’s Web sites (“Web Site Navigational Information”). This section describes the types of Web Site Navigational Information used on the Company’s Web sites and how this information may be used.CookiesLearnifier uses cookies to make interactions with the Company’s Web sites easy and meaningful. When you visit one of the Company’s Web sites, Learnifier’s servers send a cookie to your computer. Standing alone, cookies do not personally identify you; they merely recognize your Web browser. Unless you choose to identify yourself to Learnifier, either by responding to a promotional offer, opening an account, or filling out a Web form (such as a “Contact Me”), you remain anonymous to the Company.Learnifier uses cookies that are session-based and persistent-based. Session cookies exist only during one session, i.e., only while you are reading or navigating the Company’s Web Sites. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you close your browser or turn off your computer. Please note that if you disable your Web browser’s ability to accept cookies, you will be able to navigate the Company’s Web sites, but you may not be able to successfully use the Services.

The following sets out how Learnifier may use different categories of cookies and your options for managing cookies’ settings:

Cookies that are used as part of the Services (in the proxy) may include cookies of a third party Web site that is being co-browsed, for example, in order to deliver the Web site as intended by the third party Web site operator. The cookie practices of such Web sites are governed by their own respective privacy statements. The Company encourages you to review the privacy statements of other Web sites to understand their information practices.

**Web Beacons**

Learnifier, or third parties with whom we contract, may use Web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about Customers and Visitors’ usage of the Company’s Web sites and interaction with emails from the Company. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as cookies, when you viewed a particular Web site tied to the Web beacon, and a description of a Web site tied to the Web beacon. For example, Learnifier may place Web beacons in marketing emails that notify the Company when you click on a link in the email that directs you to one of the Company’s Web sites. Learnifier uses Web beacons to operate and improve the Company’s Web sites and email communications.

**IP Addresses and URLs**

Due to Internet communications standards, when you visit or use Learnifier’s Web sites, we automatically receive the URL of the Web site from which you came and the Web site to which you go when you leave a Learnifier Web site. We also receive your computer’s Internet Protocol (IP) address (or the proxy server you use to access the World Wide Web), your computer operating system, the type of Web browser you are using, and your Internet Service Provider (ISP). This information is used to analyze overall trends to help us improve the Learnifier Service and to track and aggregate non-personal information. For example, Learnifier uses IP addresses to monitor the regions from which Customers and Visitors navigate the Company’s Web sites. Learnifier may collect aggregated data regarding use of the Learnifier Services, including, without limitation, number of visitors to the Web site, frequency and patterns of use, tag usage, feedback request trends, etc. (“Aggregated Data”). Learnifier uses Aggregated Data as a statistical measure and not in a manner that would identify you personally. Aggregated Data enables us to determine how often certain parts of Learnifier’s Web site or the Learnifier Services are used so that we can improve them. Learnifier may make use of, or make such Aggregated Data available to, third parties, in any manner in our sole discretion.**Social Media Features**

The Learnifier Web sites may use Social Media Features, such as Facebook Authentication. These features may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Web site and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. You may be given the option by such Social Media Features to post information about your activities on this Web site to a profile page of yours that is provided by a third party Social Media network in order to share with others within your network. Social Media Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Web site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the relevant Social Media Features.

Learnifier may provide bulletin boards, blogs, or chat rooms on the Company’s Web sites. Any Personal Information you choose to submit in such a forum may be read, collected, or used by others who visit these forums, and may be used to send you unsolicited messages. Learnifier is not responsible for the Personal Information you choose to submit in these forums.Customers and Visitors may elect to use the Company’s referral program to inform friends about the Company’s Web sites. When using the referral program, the Company requests the friend’s name and email address. Learnifier will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Company’s Web sites. Learnifier does not store this information.Learnifier posts a list of Customers and testimonials on the Company’s Web sites that contain information such as Customer names and titles. Learnifier obtains the consent of each Customer prior to posting any information on such a list or posting testimonials.


**Service Providers**Learnifier may share Data About Learnifier Customers with the Company’s contracted service providers, such a payment processors, so that these service providers can provide services on our behalf. Learnifier may also share Data About Learnifier Customers with the Company’s service providers to ensure the quality of information provided. Unless described in this Privacy Statement, Learnifier does not share, sell, rent, or trade any information with third parties for their promotional purposes.

To facilitate Learnifier’s global operations, the Company may transfer and access Data About Learnifier Customers from around the world, including the United States. This Privacy Statement shall apply even if Learnifier transfers Data About Learnifier Customers to other countries.

For European visitors to the Learnifier Web site and users of the Learnifier Services, please note that in order to provide the information or services requested, your Personal Information may be transferred outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). By visiting the Learnifier Web site or using the Learnifier Services, you agree to Learnifier transferring your Personal Information outside the EEA.

Learnifier offers Visitors and Customers who provide contact information a means to choose how the Company uses the information provided. You may manage your receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of the Company’s marketing emails. Additionally, you may send a request specifying your communications preferences to unsubscribe@red.learnifier.com. Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their account with Learnifier or the Services.

Customers may update or change their registration information by editing their user or organization record. To update a user profile, please login to https://clientname.red.learnifier.com with your Learnifier username and password and edit your user settings. To update an organization’s information, please login to https://clientname.red.learnifier.com with your Learnifier username and password and edit the organization’s settings.

To update Billing Information or have your registration information deleted, please email support@red.learnifier.com. To iscontinue your account, please email support@red.learnifier.com. Requests to access, change, or delete your information will be handled within 30 days.

Learnifier retains the information we receive as described in this Privacy Statement, as well as the Customer Data we process on behalf of our Customers (as defined below), for reasonable duration, for example, as the case may be, for as long as needed to provide our Services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, to conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, and enforce our agreements.

As part of using our Services, Customers may submit electronic data or information to the Services (“Customer Data”) that constitutes Personal Information of other individuals to us. Such data may include an individual’s name, email address, or phone number. Learnifier generally has no direct relationship with the individuals to whom Customer Data may pertain, which we process on the behalf of our Customers. Any uses of Customer Data by the Company are done so pursuant to Learnifier’s Terms of Service or a subscription agreement in place between Learnifier and the relevant Customer (or his/her organization), which exclusively govern Learnifier’s treatment of Customer Data and supersede this Privacy Statement in case of conflict, or as required by law. If Personal Information pertaining to you as an individual has been submitted to us by a Customer as Customer Data and you wish to exercise any rights you may have to access, correct, amend, or delete such data, please inquire with the Customer (or his/her organization) directly. If an authorized Customer requests that we update or remove the data in question and he or she has no ability to do so via use of the Services, we will acknowledge their request within 30 days.

Learnifier takes precautions, including administrative, technical, and physical measures – to help safeguard Data About Learnifier Customers against loss, theft, and misuse as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. While we follow generally accepted standards to protect information submitted to us, including the use of secure socket layer (SSL) technology, no method of storage or transmission is 100% secure. Users are solely responsible for protecting their passwords, limiting access to their computers, and signing out of the Learnifier Services after their sessions.

Learnifier does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through our Service. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their childrens Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Statement by instructing their children never to provide personal information on our Service without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to Learnifier through our Service, please contact us, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete that information from our databases.

Learnifier may assign or transfer this Privacy Statement, and your user account and related information and data, including any personal information, to any person or entity that acquires all or substantially all of the business, stock or assets of, or is merged with Learnifier.

Learnifier reserves the right to change this Privacy Statement. Learnifier will provide notification of the material changes to this Privacy Statement through the Company’s Web sites at least thirty (30) business days prior to the change taking effect.


If you have questions regarding this Privacy Statement or about the privacy practices of Learnifier, please contact us by email at

privacy@red.learnifier.com, or at:

Learnifier

Attn: Privacy Officer

Torsgatan 13111 23 Stockholm

Sweden

Change log

May 1, 2014: Added privacy policy

May 3, 2018: Updates for GDPR compliance